fix: return valid GraphQL responses for invalid requests (#2947)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_avery_fix_invalid_graphql_response.md

> ### fix: return valid GraphQL responses for invalid requests ([Issue #2934](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/2934)), ([Issue #2946](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/2946))
> 
> This PR fixes the way the router handles invalid requests. The router now returns GraphQL errors nested under a top level `errors` array rather than returning a single GraphQL error JSON object.
> 
> A new error code has been introduced: "INVALID_CONTENT_TYPE_HEADER". Older versions of the router returned "INVALID_ACCEPT_HEADER" when an invalid content type header was sent.
> 
> By [@EverlastingBugstopper](https://github.com/EverlastingBugstopper) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/2947

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Invalid requests now return proper GraphQL-shaped errors ([Issue #2934](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/2934)), ([Issue #2946](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/2946))

Certain invalid HTTP requests — such as when an unacceptable `content-type` header, or an unsupported `accept` header are received — now return proper GraphQL errors nested as elements in a top-level `errors` array, rather than returning a single GraphQL error JSON object, which was unintentional.

This also brought the introduction of a more correct error code, `INVALID_CONTENT_TYPE_HEADER`, rather than using `INVALID_ACCEPT_HEADER` when an invalid content type header was received.

By [@EverlastingBugstopper](https://github.com/EverlastingBugstopper) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/2947
```
